Flush API update in mobile SDK (#598)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-ios-sdk/index.mdx

- RudderStack's iOS SDK dumps every event it receives to the `dump()` method of the `CustomFIntegration` class. From here, you can process the event and hand it over to the native SDK of the Device Mode destination.
- The SDK also triggers the `reset()` method of the `CustomFactory` class on every `reset()` call made via the SDK. You can use this to handle the destination-specific reset logic.
- Make sure you do not duplicate the value of `KEY` present inside `CustomFactory`, across multiple `CustomFactory` that you develop.

## `flush` API

> iOS SDK supports the `flush()` API. It retrieves all the messages present in the database, divides them into individual batches and flushes them to the Rudder Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iOS SDK supports the `flush()` API. RudderStack retrieves all the messages present in the database, divides them into individual batches depending on the specified queue size, and flushes them to the RudderStack server/backend.
```

> For example, if the `flushQueueSize` is 30 and there are 180 events in the database advanced the `flush()` API is called, the iOS SDK will retrieve all those events and divide them into batches of 30 messages each, that is, total 6 batches. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the `flushQueueSize` is 30 and there are 180 events in the database when the `flush()` API is called, the SDK will retrieve all those events and divide them into batches of 30 messages each, that is, in 6 batches. 
```

> If a batch fails for some reason, the remaining batches are dropped as well to maintain the sequence of the messages. A batch is considered as failed if it isn’t sent to the server even after 3 retries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a batch fails for some reason, RudderStack drops the remaining batches to maintain the sequence of the messages. A batch is considered as failed if it isn’t sent to the RudderStack server after 3 retries. 
```

> In the device mode, the `flush()` API also calls the destination SDK’s `flush()` API (if exists). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the device mode, the `flush()` API also calls the destination SDK’s `flush()` API (if applicable). 
```
